Now it’s time to learn, let’s have breakfast.
My heart here is afraid of you.
Stop talking, it’s that woman,
When you arrive, I will agree to have dinner with you.
Stop talking,
Stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking,
Stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, you
Stop talking, stop talking,
Stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking,
Stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, stop talking, Stop talking, you
Stop talking, stop talking,
Stop talking
Today is a good day, I didn’t expect it
You were very good at dancing at this hour.
Let me sleep for a few days
I let her go
You talk to you
Just tell you about you
I can apologize
I don’t need to remember it with you